e2e: Add multi-version support to generator (#9933)
tendermint/tendermint: test/e2e/README.md

./run-multiple.sh networks/generated/gen-group3-*.toml
```

Testnets running different versions of Tendermint can be generated by the
generator. For example:

```sh
# Generate testnets randomly choosing between v0.34.21 (with a random weighting
# of 1) and v0.34.22 (with a random weighting of 2).
./build/generator -m "v0.34.21:1,v0.34.22:2" -d networks/generated/

> # "HEAD" refers to the code on the current branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# "HEAD" refers to the code on the current branch (or current commit if in detached mode).
```

Author: I'm going to change this identifier to `local` instead for clarity and I'll update the readme accordingly.

./build/generator -m "v0.34.23:1,HEAD:2" -d networks/generated/

# Using "latest" will cause the generator to auto-detect the latest
# non-pre-release version tag in the current Git repository that is closest to
# the Tendermint version in this repository (as specified in

> # ../../version/version.go).

Reviewer: Would it make sense to only consider the releases of the current git branch going backwards in time? (rather than all branches)

Reviewer: Forget about this comment. I've been doing some research and some small experiments and what I'm suggesting is probably too complex, along the lines of implementing `git describe` (example [here](https://github.com/edupo/semver-cli/blob/master/gitWrapper/git.go#L44))

generator. For example:

```sh
# Generate testnets randomly choosing between v0.34.21 (making up 1/3rd of the
# network) and v0.34.22 (making up 2/3rds of the network).
./build/generator -m "v0.34.21:1,v0.34.22:2" -d networks/generated/

# "local" refers to the current local code. The E2E node built from the local
# code will be run on 2/3rds of the network, whereas the v0.34.23 E2E node will
# be run on the remaining 1/3rd.
./build/generator -m "v0.34.23:1,local:2" -d networks/generated/

# Using "latest" will cause the generator to auto-detect the latest
# non-pre-release version tag in the current Git repository that is closest to

> # the Tendermint version in this repository (as specified in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# the Tendermint version in the current local code (as specified in
```
(for consistency with the new text above)
